TINY-9816: Remove `aria-describedby` attribute from interactive dialogs (#8732)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Pressing arrow keys inside RTL elements would move the caret in an incorrect direction when moving over elements with the `contenteditable` attribute set to `false`. #TINY-9565
- Inserting table consecutively without focus in the editor would result in the table being inserted at the wrong position. #TINY-3909
- In some cases, the exiting a `blockquote` element could fail when the cursor was positioned at the end of the `blockquote`. #TINY-9794

> - In dialogs, the `aria-describedby` element would be the body of the dialog. #TINY-9816

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In dialogs, an incorrect `aria-describedby` attribute caused the body of the dialog to be announced when using a screen reader. #TINY-9816
```
